docs: update getting started (#729)
emqx/emqx-operator: docs/en_US/getting-started/getting-started.md

# Deploy EMQX Operator

In this section, we will walk you through the steps required to efficiently set up the environment for the EMQX Operator, install the Operator, and then use it to deploy EMQX. By following the guidelines outlined in this section, you will be able to effectively install and manage EMQX using the EMQX Operator.

## Prepare the Environment

Before deploying EMQX Operator, please confirm that the following components have been ready:

- A running [Kubernetes cluster](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/), for a version of Kubernetes, please check [How to selector Kubernetes version](../README.md#how-to-selector-kubernetes-version)

- A [Kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl) tool that can access the Kubernetes cluster. You can check the status of the Kubernetes cluster using `kubectl cluster-info` command.

- [Helm](https://helm.sh) 3 or higher

## Install EMQX Operator

> 1. Before installing EMQX Operator, must make sure the `cert-manager` is installed and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Before installing EMQX Operator, please make sure the `cert-manager` is installed and running.
```

>    EMQX Operator requires `cert-manager` version is `1.1.6` or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ::: tip
   `cert-manager` version `1.1.6` or higher is required.
```

   You can use Helm to install `cert-manager`.

   ```bash
   $ helm repo add jetstack https://charts.jetstack.io
   $ helm repo update
   $ helm upgrade --install cert-manager jetstack/cert-manager \
     --namespace cert-manager \
     --create-namespace \
     --set installCRDs=true
   ```

   Or you can follow the [cert-manager installation guide](https://cert-manager.io/docs/installation/) to install it.

   ::: tip
   If you already have `cert-manager` installed, you can skip this step.
   :::

> 2. Run the command below to install the Operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install the EMQX Operator with the command below:
```
